To run this project, you need to start both the Python Flask backend and the Vanilla web frontend. Here is a walkthrough of how to set up and run the entire application.

1. Set up the Backend (Flask API)
First, open your terminal (PowerShell or Command Prompt) and ensure you are in the project root directory (c:\Users\Akash\Downloads\ecommerce-api).

Create and activate a virtual environment:

bash
python -m venv venv
venv\Scripts\activate
Install dependencies:

bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
Set up your environment variables: Copy the example environment file to create a real one.

bash
cp .env.example .env
(Optional: Open .env and add your Stripe test secret key if you want to test payments).

Seed the Database: This will initialize the SQLite database, create an admin user (admin@example.com / admin123), and populate it with some sample products.

bash
python seed.py
Run the Backend Server:

bash
python run.py
Your backend API will now be running on http://localhost:5000.

2. Set up the Frontend (Web UI)
You'll need a second terminal to serve the frontend, as your first terminal is busy running the Flask server. Open a new terminal window, navigate back to your project root (c:\Users\Akash\Downloads\ecommerce-api), and run the following command:

bash
python -m http.server 8000 -d frontend
3. Experience the App (Walkthrough)
Now that both servers are running, open your web browser and go to http://localhost:8000.

Here's a walkthrough of what you can do:

Explore the UI: The frontend is a modern, responsive Single Page Application (SPA) with a dark-mode aesthetic, utilizing glassmorphism and smooth animations.
Authentication: Click the login/signup buttons to create an account. The frontend securely communicates with the Flask backend using JWT tokens (saved in your browser's local storage).
Browse Products: You can see the sample products that were added when you seeded the database. You can filter them by category or search.
Shopping Cart: Add products to your cart. An off-canvas sidebar will appear.
Checkout: Click checkout to test the order flow! (It will decrement stock and attempt to create a Stripe PaymentIntent in the backend).
Admin Access: The API has specific routes (e.g., adding products or viewing low stock) that require Admin permissions. You can log into the frontend using the seeded admin credentials:

Email: admin@example.com
Password: admin123